ufo-sightings/README.md, before:

# Summary
The producer gets UFO sightings data (yup!) from [The National UFO Reporting Center Online Database](http://www.nuforc.org/webreports.html) 
(there's such a thing), does some basic clean up, and inserts into Kafka. Each year is processed on a separate thread,
with a delay introduced between consecutive years to simulate streaming. Months in a year are processed in parallel.

The consumer reads from Kafka and calculates analytics like number of sightings per state, per month, per year, 
per shape and holds the data in memory.

The app detects when the consumer is idle (thus, most likely done), and if it has been over a predefined amount of time, 
the analytics is printed out and the app is terminated (I like how this is done :smile:).

> See `application.conf` for configuration options.

To run locally, `docker-compose up`.  Press `CTRL + C` to exit and `docker-compose rm -f` to clean up, 
See my [Kafka](https://github.com/asarkar/docker/tree/master/kafka) repository for useful Kafka commands.

To build the Docker images locally instead of using the ones from my Docker Cloud repo, 
`bin/activator clean docker:publishLocal`

# References
[Akka Streams Kafka](http://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-stream-kafka/current/home.html)

[activator-reactive-kafka-scala](https://github.com/softwaremill/activator-reactive-kafka-scala)

[reactive-kafka-scala-example](https://github.com/makersu/reactive-kafka-scala-example#master)

[Spark Streaming + Kafka Integration Guide](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/streaming-kafka-integration.html)

Commit message:

Separated Akka producer from consumer, added Spark accumulator

ufo-sightings/README.md, after:

# Summary
The producer gets UFO sightings data (yup!) from [The National UFO Reporting Center Online Database](http://www.nuforc.org/webreports.html) 
(there's such a thing), does some basic clean up, and inserts into Kafka. Each year is processed on a separate thread,
with a delay introduced between consecutive years to simulate streaming. Months in a year are processed in parallel.

There are 2 consumers that read from Kafka and calculate analytics like number of sightings per state, month, year 
and shape.

In the end, the analytics is printed out and the app is terminated.

> See `application.conf` for configuration options.

To run locally, `docker-compose up`.  Press `CTRL + C` to exit and `docker-compose rm -f` to clean up, 
See my [Kafka](https://github.com/asarkar/docker/tree/master/kafka) repository for useful Kafka commands.

To build the Docker images locally instead of using the ones from my Docker Cloud repo, 
`bin/activator clean docker:publishLocal`

# References
[Akka Streams Kafka](http://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-stream-kafka/current/home.html)

[activator-reactive-kafka-scala](https://github.com/softwaremill/activator-reactive-kafka-scala)

[reactive-kafka-scala-example](https://github.com/makersu/reactive-kafka-scala-example#master)

[Spark Streaming + Kafka Integration Guide](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/streaming-kafka-integration.html)
